Hello everyone
Hello everyone who are you
What do you want?
I told you I'm here to help you
Since this person won't pay you
as
You can follow me from now on.
You also run a factory
Not before.
But isn't this the factory on site now?
What, you want to rob my factory?
Hey, I'm a civilized person
I want to buy your factory
Is there something wrong with you?
Look how poor you are
Do you have any money?
Do you know how much my factory is worth?
Hello Gu Yan
Bring me 500,000
I want to buy a factory
Haha, don't tease me.
Do you know who Master Tiger is?
Tiger Lord is a character who penetrates the sky
In Le City, he is one of the best underground heroes
I give at least 500,000 to Tiger every day
Do you know what 500,000 is?
50 kilograms can be smashed to death. You say I will give it.
You buy so much money
He came to give me face
Isn't it for you that Tianzi Xiaosan will give you face?